[terra-dropdown]Added aria-haspoup and aria-controls attribute (#3936)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-core-docs/src/terra-dev-site/doc/dropdown-button/SplitButton.2.doc.mdx

<SplitButtonPropsTable />

## Item Props
<ItemPropsTable />

## Testing

> Terra Alert uses `uuid` which changes the component's description id dynamically. To mock the return value with the Jest testing library, `jest.spyOn` can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terra Split Button uses `uuid` which changes the component's description id dynamically. To mock the return value with the Jest testing library, `jest.spyOn` can be used.
```

Author: Done.
